Update wording of top level error codes to be more prescriptive. (#463)
Microsoft/api-guidelines: graph/GuidelinesGraph.md

}
```

> The top-level error code must match the HTTP response status codes, converted to camelCase, according to [rfc7231 (ietf.org)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7231#section-6). The following examples demonstrate error modeling for common use cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The top-level error code must match the HTTP response status code description, converted to camelCase, as listed in the [Status Code Registry (iana.org)](https://www.iana.org/assignments/http-status-codes/http-status-codes.xhtml). The following examples demonstrate error modeling for common use cases:
```
